{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi and thank you for downloading the package! \
These particle prefabs are made of a Particle System and a Camera. Each prefab has a Camera with settings unique to that prefab. \
If you already have a Camera on your scene you have two choices:\uc0\u8232 1. Remove your camera and drag and drop a prefab with a background into your scene (already contains a camera)\u8232 2. Paste certain values of the Camera component into your own custom camera. In this case, all you need to do is to copy the Clear Flags (Solid Color) and Background color properties.\u8232 If you wish, you can also copy Post-process Layer and Post-process Volume components into your camera. \
The shaders were created with Amplify shader editor, so if you use it, feel free to experiment and redesign them!\uc0\u8232 When using a shader in a material, don\'92t forget to add a shape texture of your choice. It should be white on a transparent background (png). \
Built-in and URP support \
If you use a standard (built-in) rendering pipeline, please use assets that do not have a URP mark on them. You also need to add a Post Processing v2 package to your project (using Package Manager). \
If you use Universal Rendering Pipeline, please use URP-marked prefabs, the built-in assets won\'92t work. \
\
If you have any questions, please let us know. \
monstrous.m66nshine@gmail.com \
Kind regards, Monstrous Moonshine 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
}